496	Romantic/classic? Renaissance? Oil painting? Lots of colours, Meeting, Dog, Congregation of men Pillars, people in tunics/robes sitting down, roman/greek?, dog, monument on a hill
16845	Purple flowers, maybe monet, woman in stripes, lots of grass Flowers, striped dress, monet, garden Purple flowers. Woman in black/white stripes dress. flower field, lavender, spring, botanical, garden
12924	oil? Ballet school dancing girls Ballet, Kids, Rehearsals, Females, Tutus, Music, Dance Ballet class, white dresses/tutus, man with walking stick, musical stand, wooden floor and green walls, black choker necklaces, large mirror
124417	abstract woman, ochre colours, star figures, abstract representation of a cat Pastelly cubic painting, sand colours, mountains
42877	Horse covered in a blanket, Tapestry, Coat of arms, Bizarre Horse-tapastry blanket horse complex cozy This is a fake horse with an embroidered medieval horse tapestry.
328785	historical sketch, flying machine prototype, etching? surrealist? painting of a man flying with wooden wings Napoleon with flying machine, bird wings
124830	Darkness, Light, Night, Circle of light, Glow ,Art what you see when you die, heaven or hell Overexposed light night dark This is an image of Pluto/a black hole/a solar eclipse.
32234	east asian japanese painting woman in red kimono painting east asian red kimono fans little guy fans, fan dance, gown, samurai japanese lady in a red dress with a fan. china, fan, red dress, puppet, pattern, humming birds, elegant
41961	picnic in the park, Victorian? Dot art, summer day Picnics, Umbrellas, Big dresses, People relaxing, Park, Kids, Families, pointillism Sunbathing by the lake, old fashioned/historic, dogs, sail boat, trees, grass, umbrellas for shade, sunny days, crowded place, park, rowing boat, children running/playing, hats
45321	sketch, woman in a chair, melancholy. Pastel  Sad woman, Paint and pen, Done on a wall? Ginger hair Woman sitting, red curly, unfinished painting, woman looks sad
8356	three people, three men half naked, on floor, they’re removing the varnish or something on the floor, the painting is quite samey in terms of the colours, orangy, yellowy, beigy. carpenters, floorboards, shirtless men, shaving floor Italian renaissance style painting wood, slaves, workers, polishing, topless, ballroom, studio, repairs, sweaty topless men
157324	ornate box, Asian design? Jewelery box? old wooden box with drawings of plants Japanese box / chest, blue and yellow
32779	Fabric / tapestry, Pheasant, Fruit, Two doves, Acorn birds and grains, Mediterranean feel. farm shop aesthetic Painted mural floral bird horn hunt nature  pheasant (?) This is a mosaic of birds, a drinking horn, and foliage.
19921	sketch, charcoal? Woman playing the piano Charcoal sketch, Women working at desk, Typewriting? Black and white, lines and dots, simplistic design, sketch, woman sitting and playing the piano, long skirt and hair tied up, concentration
171	painting surrealist lots of dogs in field. surrealistic groups of dogs, big great dane. light colours, field with a lot of dogs. dogs, big and little dogs, hunting dogs field with many hunting dogs. two dogs are oversized on the painting. dogs, beach, army of dogs, bull dog, beagles, lake, seaside, sniffing butt
34873	Saint, Praying, Stained glass, Green, Bible face very idillic, body quite contrasting and busy and angular, draws attention to the delicate face. haircut. Stained glass religious prayer book green man There is a stained glass image of a man praying with a book.
12990	Black women, Ballerina, Sculpture, Tutu usually associate ballet with elegance and grace and clean, but very opposite, maybe to do with beauty standards and the idillic female form Statue ballerina girl bow ponytail metal fabric relaxed This is a metal sculpture of a sad ballerina with a fabric skirt.
9614	painting special small houses field. Painting warm colours houses in the hills with some people. a medieval village/town. surrounded by mountains. with a river and a church. Marbled effect. landscape with church? Worker coming home, and two men on bridge.
40557	classical painting 3 children farm. painting dark colours 2 children and baby. farm sunflowers. children, procession, baby in a cart, sunflower three young children and sunflowers. the beginning of 20th century. children playing, baby, wooden pram, garden, overalls, greek, nature
8991	a snake maybe, the child and mother working together to step on the head of the snake. a spotlight on the people. someone in the background, very dark painting. dark colours background almost black. two women and a small boy naked stepping on maybe a snake. christian symbolism. saint halos over their heads.
6368	triptych, religious art? maybe depiction of paradise/hell/limbo? Salvador Dalí vibes Lots going on, Heaven and hell, Nude people, Colours, Many emotions, Light/darkness Lot of naked people, rivers with statues and monuments, doors, 2 daytime scenes and one night time scenes, busy, candlelight, musical instruments, lots of animals - cats, birds, horses, cloaked figures, mythical creatures, grassy open area
48127	a globe and a person touching or studying a globe sitting down in robes science, scientist, globe Italian renaissance style painting. A scientist and a globe. historical, explorer, geography, world map, travel, globe
140622	Horn, Wooden, Engraving Artifact horn historic poetic This is a horn with carved writing on it.
19927	worker on a lunch break, etching (wood? Metal?), print Montone, Worker, Charcoal, Sitting on a basket Black and white, man sitting on basket/woven box, shovel, holding and urn?flask?container?, looking down, looks sad, forest background?. Sketchy drawing
32221	city scape, winter day busy street, oil? SNOW, Town, Lots of people, Market/stalls, Trees Busy snowy park, line of trees, crowd of people, large and old buildings with flats
45327	Red dress. Women lining the stairway . Knights. 19th century (maybe?!) contrasting red dress and green, flat colours, undefined features, soldier doesn't look tough like a soldier should but lady looks strong Warrior solider ceremony steps people roman dress red green There is a Roman soldier looking at a lady in a red dress going down stairs.
16555	Ornamental / decorative. Art. Painting on a wall something god related. busyness draws the eye to the middle, intricate and detailed. a story within a picture Painting page religious arches ornate This is a page of a book with a nativity scene in the middle and decorative leaves and embellishments on the periphery. There is a smaller nativity scene below the larger.
10151	painting of a person (man, women), portrait, oil? realistic painting of a man Painting of woman / man in glasses with scarf
8525	violence. murder. maybe jesus. christian. killing. fire on stick. boy with a torch. Romans. renaissance painting of a dying young man fight, torches, pub, torture, drinking, angry men, jesus, lamp
287141	Still life, Flowers, Fruit, Wicker basket, Pear, Knife Still life plants fruits knife vivid realistic This is a painting of fruit in a basket next to a vase of flowers.
19778	Van gogh, old man in angst/crying/upset, Bright colours, Sad emotions, Wooden chair and floor, Old man Old man dressed in blue, sitting on a wooden chair, head in hands and looks upset, fireplace?
120379	carpet weave of a map, textiles, middle eastern? map of a place on a piece of cloth, annotated Embroidered map of a country
121689	Van Gogh. Looks like different parts of images have been cut and pasted to match the original image. collage, many textures and skins of animals, furs, shells etc not associated with a face. iconic painting changes. Collage portrait man clashing This is a modern collage based on a self portrait of Vincent Van Gogh. His face is composed of his original art plus photograph clippings.
32222	Victorian vibes? Woman on park bench with man, summer day, oil Park bench, Break up? Funeral? Flowers, Black clothes, Lady observing in the background Older woman sitting on bench, smoking?, looking sad, bouquet of flowers, man in top hat leaning on bench, gardens/park, floral, lot's of flowers, bushes and trees, walled garden
39578	Man on a horse with a falcon. Stained glass. Circular. out of proportion, uncomfortable feeling looking at. bright, contrasting Stained glass roman horse riding bright colourful This is a circular stained glass image of a man riding a horse while a hawk is perched on his hand.
123532	angel art, modern, winged robot man on a horse, western style? sketch of a cowboy with wings on a horse pointing a gun in the air Bright colours, cowboy with angel wings, no face
11541	a huge cliff. four boats. a few boats. ocean/sea. Beach. cliffs, boats, sea, sail boats, beach, smugglers three boats anchored/moored boats, steep cliff, sandy beach, secret door, cross, sailing, island
12950	A man with one arm on the desk and one propping up his face. Multicolour. contemplation, busyness of the painting, busyness of the mind, but also sense of organisation with the stacking of books and papers Painting library book books thinking scholar portrait A pensive man sits at a desk in a library.
237634	indigenous leather shoes? Traditional beading? Leather of some type, cultural object shoes with colourful patterns Moccasins with pattern, fluffy on inside
19665	Starry night. Outside a cafe late at night. Cobbles streets. Yellow Vincent van gogh, colourful, vibrant, visually interesting, masterpiece Night sky stars buildings cafe restaurant people leaves warm distant This is a painting of the outdoor seating of a cafe in an alley with warm lighting at night with lots of stars in the sky.
122281	Greyscale photo, Four women looking at the camera Photo photorealism women 4 people curtain heart portrait hand This is a black and white photo of a group of older women.
12935	Theatre performance, 2 ladies, 1 in red dress, men in top hats, muted colours Theatre, singer, traditional, degas, audience The picture of the theatre in the beginning of 20th century. very colorful. A Singer wearing a red dress. Flamenco dancers, exotic country, festival, culture, spanish
121505	Black lines, String ? Paint ? Messy, Chaos Modern scribble busy splotch This is a bunch of layered scribbles in grey, yellow, and black.